Make clearer to not use channel option and adding 403 error to troubleshooting. (#114)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Troubleshooting/index.md

  If none of the workarounds above work or apply, consider using Roblox windowed instead of fullscreen.
  This may also be your GPU not supporting Vulkan or not supporting modern Vulkan; Use the OpenGL renderer, or set the installed DXVK version to one which includes a legacy version of Vulkan that your GPU supports.

### 403: Forbidden while trying to download Studio/Player

> This is caused by Roblox locking all channels except `live`, this can be easily fixed by removing the `channel` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Oct. 2023, [Roblox decided to restrict access to all channels](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/-/2487241/7). If the `channel` option is set, you will run into this issue. It should be removed from your configuration.
```

> 

Reviewer: I dislike the way this is worded. Feels like a word salad.

### 403: Forbidden while trying to download Studio/Player

> This is caused by Roblox locking all channels except `live`, this can be easily fixed by removing the `channel` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Oct. 2023, [Roblox decided to restrict access to all channels](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/-/2487241/7). If the `channel` option is set to anything other than `live`, you will run into this issue. This option should be removed from your configuration.
```
Hmm...
